Come on, man, sit closer, sit closer
Ah come come
Look at the camera, look at the camera, hey, smile, smile
Hey, don't laugh, it's alright
Be happy, be happy, fool.
President Lee
There is something I want to confess to you
So what's up?
Just when you're not there
My grandmother is sick in the hospital
Urgent 500,000 medical expenses
It was action that helped me solve it.
I owe her one
If you want a divorce in the future
I will cooperate at any time.
Very willful
Oh.
Oh, I see.
Even if it's not for the grace of life
The person Mr. Li loves is also chicken blood, right?
Because you have to know your identity
Keep looking. What's up?
In that case
You go first
I'll just go back by myself later
Hey, hey, hey.
After you and Ben Xian get the certificate, move to live at home
Do I have someone pick you up to move?
Mr. Li, you and Miss Ming are married
What about Miss Song?
Since I'm married to Mingwen
I can only feel sorry for her
Now go and send it in to remember her.
drive